document infer (#121)
aguirre-lab/ml4c3-wiki: Recipes.md

### Overview
Evaluate model performance and save model predictions for inspection.
### Input

> 1. `--model_file`: Path to a pretrained model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--model_file`: Path to a trained model `.h5` file.
```

> 1. `--remap_layer`: An existing layer name and the new name to give to the layer. Layer names are best found by inspecting architecture diagrams. Input and output layers will have `input` or `output` prefixes and the tensor map interpretation as a suffix e.g. `input_ecg_2500_continuous`. Repeat this argument for each layer to rename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--remap_layer`: Two-part arg: 1) existing layer name, followed by a space, and then 2) the new name to give to the layer. Layer names are best found by inspecting architecture diagrams. Input and output layers are prefixed by `input_` or `output_`,  and suffixed by tensor map interpretation, e.g. `ecg_2500` becomes `input_ecg_2500_continuous`. Repeat this argument for each layer to rename.
```
